# Use a Component as a Directive

使用 component 作为 directive 非常简单，记住两个步骤，

1. 在需要的 templates 中调用该 component 的 selector 作为 HTML tag
2. 在调用该 component 的 module 中， declare 该 component，或 import 进包含该 component 的 module，像 import BrowserModule 一样

When a component has a selector defined,  we can use the component as a directive. This means that we can insert this component's template into any other component's template by using the selector as an HTML tag like this. The ProductListComponent's template is then inserted into this location in the AppComponent's template.

When the Angular compiler sees a directive and a template, the application looks to the Angular module that owns this component to find all of the directives that are visible to this component.

## App Module 

每个 Angular 程序必须至少有一个 Angular module，即 root module，惯例称为 AppModule

Every Angular application must have at least one Angular module, the root application module, commonly called AppModule.

一个 component 必须属于一个且仅属于一个 Angular module.

A component must belong to one and only one Angular module. 

组件想要用 directive，需要确保该 directive 对组件是可见的。Angular module 定义了组件的 directive 和 dependencies 的边间和上下文。有两种方式使 directive 暴露给调用方，1.declare 进 module，2.已经在 module 的 import 进包含 directive 的 module

An Angular module defines the boundary or context within which the component resolves its directives and dependencies. So when a component contains a directive, Angular looks to the components module to determine which directives are visible to that component. We need to ensure that the directive is visible to any component that uses it. There are two ways to expose a directive in an Angular module. We can declare the component in the Angular module as we show here. Or if the component is already declared in another Angular module, we can import that module, similar to how we import BrowserModule.

